Clarify inactive status made to same environment name (#2430)
github/docs: content/rest/reference/repos.md

### Inactive deployments

> When you set the state of a deployment to `success`, then all prior non-transient, non-production environment deployments in the same repository to the same environment (based on the value of environment) will become `inactive`. To avoid this, you can set `auto_inactive` to `false` when creating the deployment status.

Reviewer: optional wording suggestion:

```suggestion
When you set the state of a deployment to `success`, then all prior non-transient, non-production environment deployments in the same repository to the same environment name will become `inactive`. To avoid this, you can set `auto_inactive` to `false` when creating the deployment status.
```

Author: @skedwards88 - I like that suggestion!  I committed it.  Thanks.
